Fix some missing references. (#18656)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/dflt_style_changes.rst

``hexbin``
----------

> The default value of the ``linecolor`` kwarg for `~.Axes.hexbin` has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the *linecolor* keyword argument for `~.Axes.hexbin` has
```
